qgis: add page (#21493)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/common/qgis.md

# qgis

> > A free and open source Geographic Information System.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> View, create, and analyze geographic data in a Geographic Information System.
```

> Supports rasters, vectors, and project files (.qgs, .qgz, .qlr).
> More information: <https://qgis.org>.

- Launch QGIS:

`qgis`

- Open a specific project file:

`qgis --project {{path/to/project.qgz}}`

- Open one or more raster or vector files directly:

`qgis {{path/to/file1.tif}} {{path/to/file2.shp}}`

- Hide the splash screen on startup:

`qgis --nologo`

- Set the initial map extent:

> `qgis --extent {{xmin,ymin,xmax,ymax}}`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`qgis {{[-e|--extent]}} {{xmin,ymin,xmax,ymax}}`
```
